in Gaza Israel has continued its
Relentless bombardment of the strip in
the latest attack an Israeli strike hit
a car as it sat outside a health clinic
in the west of Gaza City several people
were killed at least
4,738 Palestinians have been killed in
Israeli attacks on Gaza since October
last year Well children in central Gaza
are being vaccinated against the polio
virus for a second day the vaccines are
being given in the Dar Al Bala and Al
zaa refugee camps the campaign there
will last until Wednesday it will then
move into the northern and southern
areas of the strip the un's hoping to
immunize 640,000 children under the age
of 10 T abum joins us now from Dar Al
Bala uh so T the Israelis had talked
about humanitarian corridors about
localized pauses in the fighting to
allow this vaccination drive to continue
um how has it all been affected by
ongoing Israeli air strikes though
Nea can barely hear your question as the
Israeli drams are still hovering for
more than 3 hours till now in the
vicinity of alaka Hospital which is one
of the main and Main and key uh centers
that is responsible for providing
vaccination for Palestinian children now
the Israeli military uh claim that they
are having some sorts of humanitarian
posers but the STA the statistics
released by the gans's health Ministry
showed that 48 Palestinians have been
killed within the past 24 hours and
these Strokes right now is the greatest
terrifying source of frustration for
gaza's children who are right now having
this vaccination and hope that they can
be medically secured but not going to be
secured on the security level because
bombardment is unfolding them in every
corner in the North in the central area
and in the south of the strip now we
know that today is the second day for
the vaccination campaign in darlah where
more than 72,000 Palestinians have been
receiving this vaccination in the first
of the campaign and it's expected that
more numbers of Palestinian children
will take these vaccinations within the
coming two days then later the campaign
will extend to the city of funes then to
the north of the territory part people
here in Jal BAH are so afraid and
terrified from the fact that as soon as
this campaign going to ends here it
means that the uh the momentum of the
Israeli strikes will increase more and
more as these Thrones specially at night
do not leave the sky of JAL B the
campaign that's seen from the
Palestinian perspective as very vital
and giving some sort of Hope for those
Palestinian children at least to be
protected from one of the deadliest
viruses that had been discovered lately
in the Gaza Strip and that even it's the
first time since 25 years to happen here
in the territory yeah t it is a very
unnerving sound isn't it the sound of
that drone hovering above you as the
vaccination roll out continues there in
Dar Al Bala uh many thanks for that t
aboim
then make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer